about myself kind of how we got to where
we are and then just get right into the
announcements here we've got an awful
lot to celebrate here this evening with
all the distributors who have done just
such an outstanding job over the last
year but Herbalife means everything in
the world to me I started the company I
was very young
predominantly because most people in my
family were overweight my mom seemed to
be always trying some kind of crazy diet
and from the time I was young she just
tried anything she could to lose weight
it eventually she got so frustrated with
the way that she looked and fell she
started going to doctors to get help and
they prescribed prescription diet pills
to her and she kept taking these tablets
and she did lose weight from this
product but she became extremely
addicted to it her health started to go
downhill it was a tremendous tragedy
watching her year after year totally
destroy her life and when I was 18 years
old she died from a drug overdose and it
was a tremendous tragedy because my mom
totally destroyed her entire life trying
to lose 30 pounds and you know if
there'd been something like an Herbalife
around where someone had had the guts
back then to put on a button and take it
a little bit of time to talk to her
about the way she looked in the way she
felt about herself she probably would
have got on the Herbalife products and
she probably could have looked the way
she wanted to look and feel the way that
she wanted to feel and she'd probably be
alive today
and ever since that day I've absolutely
been obsessed with learning as much as I
could about nutrition about diet helping
people safely lose weight and I was very
very fortunate I met some very very good
people along the way I got some doctors
that got very interested in my goals and
desires and along the way of course I
met dick Marconi and his partner Fred
Segal and I went there and really just
talked to them about the way I felt
about how people were losing weight how
dangerous it was for everybody and I
said you know we could make something
that could be awesome I said you know
you guys have a tremendous factory
you're one of the leading manufacturers
in the world and I said why don't we put
together a product that will be the most
unbelievable
thing in the world something that will
be safe something that will be totally
natural and something that will help
people so they don't have to suffer the
same way my mom did and I said I don't
care how much the product cost to make I
want the best product you can possibly
make and of course that was a tremendous
order for them to do that at that time
and of course it was very easy for me to
make such a big order because I wasn't
the one who was going to have to pay to
put up all the money to put it together
I said listen you guys have got all the
money you know you guys go and put all
the products together and I'll become
the first salesman for the company and
by golly I'll make this the most
exciting thing that's ever hit not only
America but around the world and I'm
proud to say now not only if we hit
America but we have taken the world
absolutely by storm and we are helping
more people lose weight than any company
in the world